Cynthia?
Oh my god, no, no.
I told you!
Hold on.
Will you please...
NOT marry me!
I choose Veronica!
What?!
Yes!
Why would he choose Veronica?
Because he loves her?
Well, if it's any consolation summer, none of it mattered and the entire show was stupid.
Okay, I've got an idea, Rick.
You show us your concept of good TV and we'll crap all over that.
I thought you'd never ask.
Hey!
Oh cool, is that crystallized anthanite?
It conducts electrons across dimensions.
20% accurate as usual, Morty.
The important thing being, I just upgraded our cable package with programming from every conceivable reality.
Wait, does that mean we get Showtime Extreme?
How about Showtime Extreme in a world where man evolved from corn?
We're not so different, we're both corn of action.
Yeah, but one of us is dead corn!
Boring.
Summer, you just spent three months watching a man choose a fake one.
You just spent three months watching a man choose a fake wife.
So what?
It'd be better if the people were corn?
Jerry, you don't get it.
This is infinite TV from infinite universes.
Look, this shit is delicious.
A movie about a guy eating shit.
A violent antique show.
It's a pleasure to have you.
The pleasure's all mine.
Letterman from a timeline where Jerry's famous.
Wait, what in the hell?
I agree, where's this going?
No, the other thing, go back.
Really?
Glenn, this is a court order.
It says you can't eat shit anymore.
Alright, Jerry, when you're right, you're right.
Now I'm booked.
Coming up next on Shmuluz the Shmulass, Shmuloni has a nightmare.
Shmulanda, Shmulona.
Amazing, a dimension where all proper nouns begin with shmuluh.
Shmul... Shmulangela?
Shmulonathan?
Alright, that actually got old pretty quick.
Rick, will you please go back to me on David Letterman?
Infinity's a big number, Jerry.
I don't remember the channel.
Go back, go back.
Geez, you speak the true truth.
Oh my god, dad's in Cloud Atlas.
I'm in Cloud Atlas!
What's Cloud Atlas?
Sometimes small true true, different than the big true true.
How is this possible?
Infinite timelines, infinite possibilities, including a timeline where Jerry's a movie star.
Look, you guys are getting excited about the wrong aspect of this device.
What, look at this.
And now, another quick mystery.
I just want to know who could have done something like this.
It's a travesty.
Alright, dad, you see this knife and all the blood on it?
Here's my fingerprints.
Guilty, I sentenced you to life in prison.
Here's another quick mystery.
My mother's dead.
And I killed her.
Here's the weapon, and cuff me, thank you very much.
Guilty, sentenced to murder.
Here's another...
And the killer.
Oh, wow, that one was really quick, wasn't it?
Now, who wants to watch random, crazy TV shows from different dimensions?
And then who wants to narcissistically obsess about their alternate selves?
The narcissistic best.
I don't want to obsess about myself.
Here, these scan your retinas and let you view parallel timelines through genetically matching versions of your eyes.
Go fetch.
This is so cool.
Ladies first.